c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\SalaryCalc.exe.config
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\SalaryCalc.exe
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\SalaryCalc.pdb
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\SalaryCalc_Content.g.cs
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\SalaryCalc_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\SalaryCalc_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\SalaryCalc.g.resources
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\SalaryCalc.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\SalaryCalc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\SalaryCalc.exe
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\SalaryCalc.pdb
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
c:\users\skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\Skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\NewEmployee.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SalaryCalc\SalaryCalc\obj\Debug\NewEmployee.baml
